At this point, we now have to reducers,
our Todos Reducer and our Goals Reducer.
Each is responsible for handling their specific slice of the state tree.
This introduces a new problem though.
When we called createStore,
we passed to it our single Todos reducer.
Whenever dispatch was called,
we'd call this reducer,
passing at the current state and the action which was dispatched,
and we get back the new state.
Well, now we not only have our Todos reducer,
we also have our Goals reducer and each are expected to
receive their specific slice of the state tree whenever an action is dispatched.
What we need to do, is instead of passing createStore out single Todos reducer,
we want to create almost like a root reducer function,
which will be responsible for calling
the correct reducer whenever specific actions are dispatched.
That was a lot of words to say that we want our app to now work
with both our to Todos reducer as well as our Goals reducer.
Let's see what that will look like.